Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
Just how to run this program depends on the system you are using. 
As a specific example, on the UNIX operating system you must create the program in a file whose name ends in ".c", such as hello.c, then compile it with the command 
   cc hello.c
If you haven't botched anything, such as omitting a character or misspelling something, the compilation will proceed silently, and make an executable file called a.out. 
If you run a.out by typing the command 
   a.out
it will print 
   hello, world
On other systems, the rules will be different; check with a local expert. 
Now, for some explanations about the program itself. 
A C program, whatever its size, consists of functions and variables. 
A function contains statements that specify the computing operations to be done, and variables store values used during the computation. 
C functions are like the subroutines and functions in Fortran or the procedures and functions of Pascal. 
Our example is a function named main. 
Normally you are at liberty to give functions whatever names you like, but ``main'' is special - your program begins executing at the beginning of main. 
This means that every program must have a main somewhere. 
main will usually call other functions to help perform its job, some that you wrote, and others from libraries that are provided for you. 
The first line of the program, 
   #include <stdio.h> tells the compiler to include information about the standard input/output library; the line appears at the beginning of many C source files. 
The standard library is described in Chapter 7 and Appendix B. 
One method of communicating data between functions is for the calling function to provide a list of values, called arguments, to the function it calls. 
The parentheses after the function name surround the argument list. 
In this example, main is defined to be a function that expects no arguments, which is indicated by the empty list ( ). 
#include <stdio.h>           include information about standard library
main()                       define a function called main that received no argument values
{                            statements of main are enclosed in braces    
printf("hello, world\n");    main calls library function printf
