 Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
us C. in a quick introduction with begin Let
Our aim real programs in , but bogged down details , rules , and exceptions in getting without the language of the essential elements show to is .
this point At , we complete or even precise -LRB- save that the examples correct be to meant are -RRB- be to trying not are .
We you the point to as as quickly possible where you useful programs write can get to , and do that we the basics : variables and constants , arithmetic , control flow , functions , and input and output of the rudiments on concentrate to have to want .
We intentionally this chapter of features C of that bigger programs writing for important are leaving out are .
These pointers , structures , operators of C 's rich set of most , several control-flow statements , and the standard library include .
This approach and its drawbacks . Most notable is that any particular feature on the complete story here found not is , and the tutorial , brief being by , also misleading be may .
And because the examples C of the full power use not do , they as concise and elegant as they be might not are .
We these effects minimize , but warned be to tried have .
Another drawback is that later chapters necessarily this chapter of some repeat will .
We hope that the repetition you than it annoys more help will .
any case In , experienced programmers their own programming needs to this chapter in the material from extrapolate to able be should .
Beginners it their own of small , similar programs writing by supplement should . Both groups it which the more detailed descriptions hang that Chapter 2 in begin to on a framework as use can .
1.1 Getting Started
The only way a new programming language learn to it in programs writing by is .
The first program write to all languages for the same is :
the words Print
hello , world
This a big hurdle is ; it leap over to you the program text somewhere create , it compile to able be to have
successfully , it load , it run , and where your output went find out .
mastered these mechanical details With , everything else comparatively easy is .
