 Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
The quantities LOWER , UPPER and STEP symbolic constants , not variables are , so they declarations in appear not do .
Symbolic constant names conventionally upper case in written so they lower case variable names from readily distinguished ber can are .
Notice that there a #define line of the end at no semicolon is .
1.5 Character Input and Output
We processing character data for related programs of a family consider to going are .
You find will that many programs just the prototypes of versions expanded that we here discuss are .
The model input and output of the standard library by supported very simple is .
Text input or output , where it originates or where it to goes of regardless , characters of as streams with dealt is .
A text stream lines into divided characters of a sequence is ; each line zero or a newline character by followed more characters of consists .
It the library each input or output stream this model confirm make to of the responsibility is ; the library using the C programmer how lines the program outside represented are about worry not need .
The standard library or writing a time , of which getchar and putchar the simplest are at one character reading for several functions provides .
Each time it called is , getchar a text stream from the next input character reads and its value as that returns .
That is , after the variable c input of the next character contains .
The characters normally the keyboard from come ; files from input Chapter 7 in discussed is .
The function putchar it called is each time : a character as , usually the screen on the integer variable of the contents c prints a character prints .
putchar and printf to Calls interleaved be may ; the output the order in which the calls made are in appear will .
1.5.1 File Copying
getchar and putchar Given , you useful code of a surprising amount input and output about anything more knowing without write can .
The simplest example a program is that copies its output to its input one a time at character : a character read

