Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
The statement
+ + nc ;
a new operator , + + , which one by increment means presents .
You instead nc = nc + 1 write could but + + nc more concise and often more efficient is .
There a corresponding operator -- 1 . The operators + + and -- either prefix operators -LRB- + + nc -RRB- or postfix operators -LRB- nc + + -RRB- be can ; these two forms expressions in different values have , as Chapter 2 in shown be will , but + + nc and nc + + both increment nc by decrement to is .
the moment For we the prefix form to stick will will .
The character counting program accumulates an int . long integers instead of a long variable in its count at least 32 bits are .
Although some machines on , int and long the same size are , others on an int 16 bits , 32767 of a maximum value with is , and it relatively little input overflow an int counter to take would .
The conversion specification % ld printf tells that the corresponding argument a long integer is .
It a double -LRB- double precision float -RRB- using by even bigger numbers with cope to possible be may .
We also a while instead of statement for a , another way the loop write to illustrate to use will .
f for both float and double ; % .0 f uses % printf suppresses the printing the decimal point and the fraction part of , which zero is .
loop for this of The body empty is , because all the work the test and increment parts in done is .
But C of the grammatical rules require that statement for a a body have .
The isolated semicolon , a null statement called , there that requirement satisfy to is .
We it a separate line on it visible make to put .
Before we the character counting program leave , observe that if the input no characters , the while contains or for test getchar to the very first call on fails , and the program zero produces , the right answer .
This important is .
while about and for the nice things of One is that they the body with proceeding before , the loop of the top at test .
If there nothing do to is , nothing done is , even if that never the loop body through going means .
Programs intelligently act should when zero-length input given .
The while and for statements that ensure help
