 Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
programs boundary conditions with reasonable things do .
1.5.3 Line Counting
The next program input lines counts . As we above mentioned , the ensures that an input text stream standard library
lines of a sequence as appears , a newline by terminated each . Hence , counting lines just newlines counting is :
the while of The body now an if , which turn in controls the increment + nl . The if statement tests + of consists
the parenthesized condition , and if the condition true is , executes the statement -LRB- or braces in statements of group -RRB- that follows . We again show what by what controlled is to indented have .
The double equals sign = = the C notation `` equal to is '' for -LRB- Pascal 's single = or Fortran 's . EQ . like -RRB- is . This
symbol the equality test the single = that C assignment for uses . caution of A word : C to newcomers from occasionally = when they = = mean . write distinguish to As we see in will used is
Chapter 2 , the result usually a legal is
expression , so you no warning get will .
written between single quotes A character an integer value the character of the numerical value to equal represents
the machine 's character in set . This a character constant called is , although it just another way a small write to is
integer . So , example for , ` A ' a character constant is ; the ASCII character set in its value 65 , the character A. of the internal representation course Of , ` A ' 65 over preferred be to is is : its meaning obvious is , and it is
a particular character of independent set .
string constants in used The escape sequences also , so ' \ n ' stands the value of for character constants in legal are
the newline character , which ASCII . in 10 You that carefully ' \ n ' a single character is , and in expressions just an integer is ; the other hand , ' \ n on ' note should is a string constant is that only one contain to happens
character . strings versus characters of The topic further in discussed is
Chapter 2 .
Exercise 1-8 . a program blanks , tabs , and newlines count to Write .
Exercise 1-9 . a program its input its output to , a by one or more blanks of each string replacing copy to Write
single blank .
