 Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
Just how this program run to the system on depends you using are .
a specific example , the UNIX operating system you the program a file in whose name ends in '' create must . c '' , such hello . as c , then the command with it compile on As
cc hello . c
If you anything , such as a character omitting or something misspelling botched n't have , the compilation silently proceed , and a. out called an executable file make will .
If you the command typing out by a. run
a. out
it print will
hello , world
other systems On , the rules different be ; a local expert with check will .
Now , for the program itself about some explanations .
A C program , whatever its size , functions and variables of consists .
A function statements contains that the computing operations done be to specify , and variables the computation during used values store .
C functions Fortran in the subroutines and functions or Pascal of the procedures and functions like are .
Our example main named a function is .
Normally you liberty at functions give to whatever names you like are , but `` main '' special is - your program main of the beginning at executing begins .
This means that every program a main somewhere have must .
main usually other functions its job , some that you wrote , and libraries from others that you for provided are perform help to call will .
the program , of The first line
#include <stdio.h> the compiler the standard input\/output library about information include to tells ; the line many C source files of the beginning at appears .
The standard library Chapter 7 and Appendix B. in described is
functions between communicating data of One method is for the calling values of a list provide to function , arguments called , it calls the function to .
the function name after The parentheses the argument list surround .
this example In , main a function be that no arguments expects , which the empty list -LRB- by indicated is to defined is -RRB- .
#include <stdio.h> standard library about information include
main -LRB- -RRB- define a function main called that received no argument values
-LCB- statements main of braces in enclosed are
printf -LRB- `` hello , world \ n '' -RRB- ; main calls library function printf
