Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
A function definition this form has :
return-type function-name -LRB- parameter declarations , any if -RRB-
-LCB- declarations statements -RCB-
Function definitions any order in , and one source file or several in , although no function files between split be can appear can .
If the source program several files in appears , you more and load it compile to say to than if it all one in appears have may , but that an operating system matter is , not a language attribute .
the moment For , we assume will that both functions the same file in are , so whatever you running C programs still work will about learned have .
The function power the line printf -LRB- '' % d % d % d \ n '' , i , power -LRB- 2 , i -RRB- , power -LRB- -3 , i -RRB- -RRB- in , twice main by called is ;
Each call power , which each time an integer and printed formatted be to returns to two arguments passes .
an expression In , power -LRB- 2 , i -RRB- an integer just as 2 and i are . -LRB- Not all functions an integer value ; we this up Chapter 4 in take will . produce -RRB- is
The first power of itself line ,
int power -LRB- int base , int n -RRB-
the parameter types and names , and the result of the type declares that the function returns .
its parameters for power by used The names power to local are , and any other function to visible not are : other routines the same names conflict without use can .
This also the variables i and p of true is : power in the i main in the i to unrelated is .
We generally a function in the parenthesized list in named a variable for parameter use will .
The terms formal argument and actual argument sometimes the same distinction for used are .
The value that power computes the return by main to returned is : statement . Any expression follow may
return :
return expression ;
A function a value return not need ; no expression with a return statement control , but no useful value , the caller to returned be to causes , as `` the terminating right brace reaching by the end '' a function of falling off does .
And the calling function a function by returned a value ignore can .
You noticed have may that there main of the end at a return statement is .
Since main any like a function is
