Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
characters of the string of the end mark .
This conversion also the C language by : when a string constant like used is
`` hello \ n ''
a C program in appears , it characters of an array as the string in the characters containing stored and a ' \ 0 ' the end mark to with terminated is .
printf in The % s format specification the corresponding argument this form in represented a string be to expects .
copy also the fact on relies that its input argument the output into a ' \ 0 ' , and copies this character with terminated is .
It passing that this one as small as even a program some sticky design problems presents in mentioning worth is .
example For , what should main do if it a line encounters which its limit than bigger is ? getline safely works , in that it collecting when the array full is stops , even if no newline seen been has .
the length and returned the last character testing By , main determine whether the line too long was , and then cope as it wishes can .
brevity of the interests In , we this issue ignored have .
There a user getline of advance in know how long an input line be might to , so overflow for getline checks for no way is .
the other hand On , copy of the user already -LRB- or find out can -RRB- how big the strings are knows , so we not it to error checking add to chosen have .
Exercise 1-16 . the longest-line program of the main routine Revise so it correctly arbitrary long input lines of the length , and as much as the text of possible print will .
Exercise 1-17 . a program all input lines print that than longer a program input of each line from blanks and tabs trailing remove to , and entirely blank lines delete to Write 80 characters . Exercise 1-18 . are to Write .
Exercise 1-19 . a function reverse -LRB- s -RRB- that the character string s. it a program write that its input a line at a time reverses to Use reverses Write .
1.10 External Variables and Scope
The variables main in , such as line , longest , etc. , main to private or local are .
Because they main within declared are , no other function direct access them to have can .
The same other functions in the variables of true is ; example for , getline in the variable i copy in the i to unrelated is .
a function in Each local variable existence only into comes when the function called is , and disappears when the function exited is .
This is why such variables usually other languages in terminology following , automatic variables as known are .
We the term use will
