Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
Since getline and copy of the specialized versions no arguments have , logic suggest would that the file of the beginning at their prototypes -LRB- -RRB- and copy -LRB- -RRB- getline be should .
But older C programs with compatibility for the standard an old-style declaration as an empty list takes , and all argument list checking turns off ; the word void an explicitly empty list for used be must .
We this further Chapter 4 in discuss will .
You note should that we the words definition and declaration using carefully when we this section in external variables to refer are .
`` Definition '' the place to refers where the variable or assigned storage created is ; `` declaration '' places to refers where the variable of the nature stated is but no storage allocated is .
the way By , there a tendency everything sight in make an extern variable because it communications simplify to appears to is - argument lists short are and variables when you them want there always are .
But external variables even when you them want n't do there always are .
heavily too external variables on Relying peril with fraught is since it programs whose data connections all obvious not are to leads - variables unexpected and even inadvertent ways in changed be can , and the program modify to hard is .
the longest-line program of The second version , partly these reasons for the first to inferior is , and partly because it them into the variables of the names writing by two useful functions of the generality destroys they manipulate .
this point At we covered have what C. of the conventional core called be might
building blocks of this handful With , it considerable size of useful programs write to possible 's , and it probably a good idea be if you enough long so do to paused would .
These exercises the ones this chapter in earlier than somewhat greater complexity of programs suggest .
Exercise 1-20 . Write a program detab that the next tab stop to space to blanks of the proper number with the input in tabs replaces . tab stops of a fixed set Assume , every n say columns . a variable or a symbolic parameter be n Should ?
a program entab that blanks of strings tabs and blanks of the minimum number by the same spacing achieve to replaces . the same tab Use Exercise 1-21 . Write detab . When either a tab or a single blank a tab stop reach , which preference given be should to suffice would as for stops ?
Exercise 1-22 . Write a program `` fold '' long input lines the last non-blank character after two or more shorter lines that input of the n-th column before occurs into to . sure Make your program something very long lines with intelligent does , and if there the specified column before no blanks or tabs are .
Exercise 1-23 . Write a program a C program from all comments remove to . quoted strings handle to forget n't Do and character constants properly . C comments nest n't do .
Exercise 1-24 . a program a C program for rudimentary syntax errors unmatched like parentheses , brackets and braces . about quotes , both single and double , escape sequences , and comments forget n't Do . check to -LRB- This program hard is if you full generality in it do . -RRB- Write
Introduction -- Index -- Chapter to Back 2
