Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
which their initial values to the variables set . Individual statements semicolons by terminated are .
the table of Each line the same way computed is , so we a loop use that once output line per repeats ; this the is
the while loop of purpose
while -LRB- fahr -LRB- = upper -RRB- -LCB-
... -RCB-
The while loop as : parentheses in The condition tested is . follows If it true -LRB- fahr than less is or equal is operates
upper -RRB- , the loop -LRB- braces in enclosed the three statements -RRB- of the body Then the condition re-tested is executed . , and if true is , the body executed is . again When the test false becomes -LRB- fahr upper exceeds -RRB- the loop ends , to
and execution the statement at continues that follows the loop . There this program in no further statements are , so it terminates .
a while of The body braces in , as the temperature converter in enclosed one or more statements , or a be can
braces without , as in single statement
while -LRB- i -LRB- j -RRB-
i = 2 \* i ;
either case In , we always indent the statements the while one tab by by -LRB- which we have stop controlled will
four as spaces -RRB- so you a glance at see can which statements inside the loop . The indentation the logical structure the program of . emphasizes Although C compilers how a program looks about care not do , proper indentation and spacing programs people for easy read to . making in critical are We line per only one statement writing , and operators clarify to around blanks grouping . braces of The position less important is , although people passionate beliefs hold . using recommend We several popular styles of one chosen have . are shown Pick a style that suits you , then it consistently use .
the work of Most the body the loop . of The Celsius temperature and assigned the to computed is in done gets
the statement by variable celsius
= 5 \* celsius -LRB- fahr-32 -RRB- 9 \/ ;
5 by multiplying and 9 by dividing instead of just 5\/9 by multiplying for The reason C in that , many other in as is
languages , integer division truncates : any fractional part discarded is . 5 and 9 Since 5\/9 be would integers . are
zero to truncated and so all the Celsius temperatures zero as reported be would .
This example also a bit more how printf works . of printf a general-purpose output formatting is shows
function , which we detail in in describe will
Chapter 7 . characters printed be to , of a string is Its first argument
indicating where the other -LRB- second , third , ... -RRB- arguments of one substituted be to is each % with , and in what form it
instance For , % d specifies printed . be to is an integer argument , so the statement
printf -LRB- '' % d \ t % d \ n '' , fahr , celsius -RRB- ;
