 Chapter 1 - A Tutorial Introduction
the two integers fahr of the values causes and , them between a tab -LRB- \ t -RRB- with printed be to celsius .
printf of the first argument in Each % construction the corresponding second argument , third with paired is
argument , etc. ; they properly number and type by match up must , or you wrong answers get will .
the way By , printf the C language of part not is ; there no input or output C itself in . defined printf just a is is
useful functions that normally C programs to accessible are . of the standard library from function The behavior of
printf the ANSI standard in , however , so its properties the same any compiler with and be should defined is
library that the standard to conforms .
order C itself , we input and output about much chapter 7 until talk n't do . on concentrate to In particular In , we will
formatted input defer until . then If you input numbers to have , the function scanf of the discussion in read
Section 7.4 . scanf that it output writing instead of input reads except , printf like is .
There a couple the temperature conversion program with problems . of The simpler one is that the output n't is are
very pretty because the numbers right-justified . not the printf in That 's easy fix ; if we augment each to % d are
statement a width , their fields in . right-justified be will instance For , we say might printed the numbers with
printf -LRB- '' % 3d % 6d \ n '' , fahr , celsius -RRB- ;
a field three digits wide in each line , and the second a field in six digits wide , this like : of the first number print to
0 -17
20 -6 40 4 60 15 80 26 100 37 ...
The more serious problem is that because we integer arithmetic used have , the Celsius temperatures very not are
accurate ; instance , 0 for
oF actually -17.8 oC about is , not -17 . more accurate get To answers , we floating use should -
integer . This instead of point arithmetic the program in some changes requires . Here the second version is :
